What do you mean?
All the money you gave me is here.
I haven't used a cent.
I'm not talking about the money I gave you.
It was land.
All the money my family has spent on you over the years
I can pay it back slowly
You are dumb
Can't even speak clearly
You can only go out and starve to death
Tell me what do you get back?
We got divorced.
You can take it down
So you can be together forever
When will you pay off the money?
When will you bring up divorce again?
But it doesn't matter.
Anyway, I already know that Shizuka will marry me.
Hey, Doraemon, since we're here, we're all here
Then go see how I'm getting married tomorrow
Yes.
Ok will you marry me
Married, married.
knot
married
Married, married.
Sister-in-law, come quickly. Brother Rubik's Cube is crazy.
Xiaoning, don't go again
Hitting people is your army
Quickly apologize to Miss Xia in person
It's over, bro
He's just a pheasant cackling around.
It's also worthy of me to talk to him
It's you. Are you crazy?